Right...
on the mark!
Yes!
I apologize if I kept you waiting.
And there it is!
Karasuno High School's lethal weapon!
The fast attack of the first-years, Hinata and Kageyama!
We finally got to see it.
The height of the hitter who just scored, Hinata Shouyou, is 164 cm!
He's the shortest hitter out of our team lineups today!
Oh man! That was so fast!
He's tiny!
So cool!
Karasuno Tsubakihara
Huh?
His expression's totally changed from the training camp.
Scary.
Not to mention...
who the hell is he?
Clench your fists tight enough to leave marks
Now, go bask in the orange glow
!
Haikyuu Haikyuu Haikyuu !
Haikyuu
Sweating harder than ever has led us to the unknown territory of this high stage
The crowd's on their side and our chances are slim, so we could just skip out
But if the fear of getting hurt is keeping your wings in check
You may as well be a stuffed bird
If a person tries to live their life without getting a taste of their dreams and passions
They'll be torn by the heartbreak
But our goosebumps just won't go away
Our very souls are burning bright Beyond our limits
Awaits a land Of thrilling competition
Unleash everything you've got
Winning or losing doesn't even seem to matter
When you're in the zone and everything flows
In glorious slow-motion Now, go all-out!
Episode Eleven: A Chance to Extend the Rally
There's a chance that Karasuno may never get better.
And even if they do, it could be years from now.
Still, if the chance appears...
Daichi!
Yes!
Nice receive!
Sawamura!
You're so good now!
Yeah.
You're so... Sorry, I couldn't catch all that.
Don't just concentrate... ...on their number ten.
That was a beautiful dump that basically laughed in the face of their blocking!
Tsubakihara Academy was caught completely off guard!
Kageyama, you bastard! You son of a gun!
You're so annoying!
Your personality sucks!
You cheeky little... Those were all insults!
I think the gelatin I ate earlier is giving me energy.
My stomach is in perfect shape right now.
Step back!
He just served! The setter won't be able to...
Karasuno Tsubakihara He did it again!
The setter, Kageyama, managed to flow right into that set!
Kageyama is a first-year who was invited to the All-Japan Youth Training Camp.
Hey, Hinata!
Their blocker on the right side was late getting there! Hit it that way!
You would've run me over then! I would've died!
Er... They seem to be arguing about something. I wonder if they'll be okay.
Then dodge me! That's, like, your one talent!
Kageyama, serve, damn it!
Man... They've got someone insane.
Yes.
He's gifted with this much technique, instinct, and passion.
Kitagawa First Loses Just Barely
Perhaps it's because of that passion, but he didn't stand out much.
But now...
the world will find Kageyama.
Jeez, talk about an over-exaggeration.
Or not.
Even the Smallest Stream Can Become a Great River
We didn't come here to stop their number ten.
We came here to win.
The moment we're stuck focusing on their number ten is the moment we're stuck in their trap.
Just keep doing your read blocking.
That'll keep the pressure on them.
Yes, sir!
There's no reason to panic.
There's no need to do what we can't do.
Dig out the ball and attack.
It's that simple.
Just fight the way you always do.
Yes, sir!
All right!
Let's turn the tide on this "Go, go, Karasuno" mood!
Yeah!
Maru!
Yes!
Nice receive!
We didn't just come here to participate...
We came here...
to win!
They got one in!
Even the Smallest Stream Can Become a Great River
Tsubakihara smashes that one with their classic move!
The set from Echigo to Teradomari!
Yeah!
Nice spike!
Karasuno Tsubakihara
All right! Their number ten's in the back now!
I mean, I do feel better that their number ten is in the back row,
but things still sorta suck for me.
Because now this persistent guy, who was even able to block Ushiwaka, is up front.
I touched it!
It's all yours, Daichi!
Let's score here!
Nice, Maiko!
What an intense rally!
Both teams have completely loosened up now!
Tera!
Three blockers!
Number four, Teradomari.
He's got way more height and power than you'd expect from a high schooler,
but he tends to use cross-court spikes over anything else.
Ready, and...
Don't underestimate me!
A straight spike?!
I moved too far forward!
Nice backup!
Asahi!
Yes!
Karasuno Tsubakihara Man...
I'm can't tell if Hinata has really good luck or really bad luck...
Actually, Shouyou meant to be there right now.
An attack from the back row!
A tip?
I moved too far forward again!
Finish it off, Tanaka!
Out!
Don't just hit the ball as hard as you can every time, Tanaka!
Okay.
He's still trying out, but he's already showing he doesn't care.
He's got good instincts, though.
He's joining our team?
He returns the ball to the perfect spot. He sure is paying attention.
Echigo, finish it off!
The setter, Kageyama, gets the first touch.
They limited the possible attacks by having Karasuno's setter receive the ball.
Tsukishima!
Right!
Left!
Azumane!
Tsukishima's able to pull off anything, even if he's not the best at it.
But even if this set is a bit clumsy,
it's still full of care!
Get the last hit!
The set is too low! It's too sloppy!
I'm kinda moved.
Three blockers!
All right!
Azumane smashed the ball off three blockers!
Karasuno Tsubakihara
Karasuno manages to get two consecutive points!
Azumane... I guess it's not just your looks that got better!
Yeah.
Tsukishima! Nice set!
Uh, thanks.
It's still really hard to get an idea of distance here.
To be honest, that was half luck.
Could you not react the exact same way Hinata would?
What?!
Even the Smallest Stream Can Become a Great River
Man, is their number ten a pro at body slams or something?
Use your hands!
He's not just relying on his usual animal instincts.
He was actually seeing ahead.
That's right.
Even if it's not a powerful hit, it doesn't mean they're just gonna drop it up front.
Nice deflect!
Let's go!
Get 'em, Hinata!
Back minus tempo!
Even his attack from the back row is incredibly fast.
This is Hinata Shouyou!
Karasuno Tsubakihara
Don't panic! Let's stop 'em at one!
Right!
Damn it!
No worries. We're getting to the ball.
Let's keep our eyes on their blocks!
Karasuno's tiny number ten looks like he's stopped in midair.
He sucks at receiving, but he's damn good at attacking.
Sugawara, what's a back minus tempo?
It's Hinata and Kageyama's minus tempo attack from the back row.
Sounds cool, right? Am I right?
How about adding "thunder" at the end?!
But then it'd just sound like one of your special techniques, Nishinoya.
Hey.
You'd better not mess up the serve once we finish our timeout.
Of course I won't.
Out!
Sorry!
Karasuno Tsubakihara Oh no... I'm up...
Kinoshita! You got this!
Aim for number four... Aim for number four...
It's out!
Even the Smallest Stream Can Become a Great River
Sorry about that...
Don't worry, you'll get it next time.
I mean, I thought I managed to hit it way calmer than I thought I'd be.
And I managed to hit it in the direction I meant to.
That wasn't so bad for me.
That's right.
Be ambitious.
Karasuno Tsubakihara Karasuno
Tsubakihara Karasuno Tsubakihara
Karasuno Tsubakihara
And there it is. Karasuno High School is at set point for the first set.
Damn it.
He has to serve right now?
Even the Smallest Stream Can Become a Great River
Damn it!
Shake it off, shake it off!
Don't sweat it!
Karasuno Tsubakihara
Tsubakihara Academy will be bringing in first-year pinch server Himekawa Aoi.
Apparently, this is Himekawa's first official match.
Yikes...
He's way more nervous than I am...
An underhand serve?
Haikyuu!!
Karasuno Tsubakihara
Nice.
Let's just take that... Yeah!
Talk about lucky!
That sure was something!
Who the hell misses an underhand serve?
That must've hurt!
He's gonna have nightmares about that forever...
You can't be serious.
S-Sor—
Seriously...
That was such a beautiful sound!
If you're gonna nail someone, pick someone other than me, Himekawa!
Tera?!
Uh, isn't that a bit mean?
More importantly, our serves the whole second half of that set weren't great.
I know! Sorry, okay?
We won't get anywhere if we can't get our serves in.
I'm very aware of that!
All right. You guys warmed up?
Yes.
Yeah, we're warmed up. So much so I'm beat.
Sugawara, could you not mimic my voice?
I still haven't gotten the hang of the distances in here.
Yeah, it's not gonna be that easy.
Fly Fly
Even the Smallest Stream Can Become a Great River
Nice spike!
Karasuno Tsubakihara
Himekawa!
Feel bad for me and I'll kick your ass.
I'm gonna be in the next match anyway.
You just think about how to make the best use out of the few opportunities you get.
Karasuno Tsubakihara
The play that's the hardest to control mentally on the court is the serve.
It's not your teammates who won't forgive you when you mess up—
it's yourself.
Is he doing another...
He served into the ceiling?!
It's not fast enough that they can't react, and it's not powerful enough to blow any of them away.
Got it!
But surprisingly...
It works pretty well, right?
Even the Smallest Stream Can Become a Great River
Sorry!
Don't worry about it!
All right!
Nice serve, Himekawa!
We're counting on you!
Right now,
this ceiling...
is on my side.
That ceiling serve... was so cool!
Got it!
Uh-oh! Karasuno just let the ball drop!
Sorry! That was my bad!
I got in your way.
Hey! What the hell are you even calling the ball for?!
That's two service aces in a row for Himekawa!
Tsubakihara Academy has taken the lead!
Got it!
Left!
Up front!
Right!
Nice receive!
Karasuno Tsubakihara
Karasuno couldn't help but take their second timeout.
Please try to get the ball higher when you receive.
It's fine if it's short as long as it's high.
Sorry!
We've got the momentum back!
They're starting to panic too.
Let's keep it up!
Yeah!
Keep it up.
Right!
I don't really get this "momentum" thing,
but I can tell it's on our side!
Oh, so this is...
Here it comes!
Their number ten is already...
But there are guys coming from both sides!
Wait, the back left too!
This is...
nationals!
Himekawa.
Get ready for the third set.
Right!
Karasuno Tsubakihara
80%...
And there it is! A service ace!
Yes!
Yeah!
Karasuno High School is slowly closing in!
Don't worry about it!
We have Teradomari.
Wait, me?
Echigo's always keeping his cool.
Thanks.
That samurai guy's serve is super good,
but I'm sure if all four of us go for the ball, we'll manage somehow.
I really wish you would've said you'd go after the ball yourself there, especially as a third-year.
Asahi, do it again!
All right!
And there's a dump!
It's way too early to be packing our bags!
Yeah!
Captain Echigo sure is keeping busy.
You've gotta have guts to pull through a situation like this.
As you'd expect from the third-years.
Damn it! Is he Tiredpants already?!
That jerk definitely just blamed this on me.
That was definitely higher than usual!
That's right.
It's still too early...
for us to go home!
Karasuno Tsubakihara Karasuno
Tsubakihara Karasuno Tsubakihara
Tsubakihara Match point... Karasuno
Karasuno Tsubakihara
They get this, and they win.
Kageyama said this was just another step toward our goal,
but for me, it basically feels like I've finally arrived.
Give us a good serve.
You got this.
I can't even tell if I'm actually nervous or not.
Suga, you can do it!
Get a great serve over!
Suga, go for it!
But my mind is clear.
We're counting on you, Suga.
I know what I have to do.
Bring it on!
Uh-oh! Looks like their receive was a bit shaky.
They aimed right for where the setter would have to get the ball.
Tera!
Number four, Teradomari.
He's got both height and power.
He usually hits exactly where it looks like his body's going to hit.
Sorry, someone get that!
Tanaka!
That was perfect!
Nice receive!
Damn it! That was a weak-ass spike!
Maru!
Left! Left!
Three blockers!
Number one, Maruyama.
The ball goes flying off the blocker's hands!
However...
Sugawara's there!
Number one, Maruyama.
He's good at wipes, but there's always the possibility he'll go for a tip.
After seeing Karasuno's match at nationals, I decided I would come here!
Thank you for having us!
Still,
if the chance appears, you'd better grab it!
Go!
Stop them!
Chance favors only the prepared mind.
All right!
Karasuno Tsubakihara
So what if the pressure's on?
I don't need any help from on high
So what if I'm an egotist?
I just want to win, I don't have a reason why
I'll take on every challenge
I'll throw off any shadows of doubt
This is my chance to overcome my limits
I've gone all-out Conquered my fears
Turned them into conviction
Now fly high, higher, higher, to the top
Being so torn at the taste of defeat
Shed the tears that let our potential flower
If you try to give up, I'll just laugh it off
I don't know the meaning of the phrase
If you say it's too hard, I'll just laugh it off
Episode Twelve: Vivid Episode Twelve: Vivid
Episode Twelve: Vivid Next time: "Vivid."